experimental: RPA documentation (#4440)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/experimental/rpa/camunda-rpa-framework-library.md

---
id: rpa-framework-library
title: RPA framework library
description: "Learn how Camunda offers a custom library for the RPA framework, providing out-of-the-box functionality to manipulate Camunda variables within RPA scripts."
---

> Camunda offers a custom library for the **robotic process automation (RPA)** framework, providing out-of-the-box functionality to manipulate [Camunda variables](/components/concepts/variables.md) within RPA scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Camunda offers a custom library for the **robotic process automation (RPA)** framework, that allows you to manipulate [Camunda variables](/components/concepts/variables.md) within RPA scripts.
```
NBS

> ## Including the Camunda library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Import the Camunda library
```
NBS

> To use Camunda-provided keywords, add the Camunda library in the [Camunda RPA runtime documentation](/components/experimental/rpa/rpa-integration-with-camunda.md) to your Robot file:

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to make this more clearer:
```suggestion
To use Camunda-provided keywords, import the Camunda library into your Robot file. The Camunda library is only available within the [Camunda RPA runtime](/components/experimental/rpa/rpa-integration-with-camunda.md).
```

> ```powershell

Reviewer 2: Looks like we do not have custom syntax highlighting for this code. Let's use the correct language annotation in case this impacts accessibility labels as well:
```suggestion
```robot
```

> To use Camunda-provided keywords, import the Camunda library into your Robot file. The Camunda library is only available within the [Camunda RPA runtime](/components/experimental/rpa/rpa-integration-with-camunda.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Camunda-provided keywords, import the Camunda library into your **Robot** file. The Camunda library is only available within the [Camunda RPA runtime](/components/experimental/rpa/rpa-integration-with-camunda.md).
```
NBS - bold?

*** Settings ***
Library             Camunda

# More Libraries here ...
```

> ## Using keywords and setting variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use keywords and set variables
```
NBS

To set a process variable in Camunda from within an RPA script, use the keyword `Set Output Variable`. This keyword sets an output variable to be returned from the RPA worker to Camunda. Learn more about [variable propagation](/components/concepts/variables.md#inputoutput-variable-mappings).

### Syntax

> ```powershell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```robot
```

Set Output Variable	{variable_name}	{value}
```

### Parameters

- {variable_name}: The name of the variable you want to set or update.
- {value}: The value you want to assign to the variable.

### Example

> ```powershell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```robot
```

Set Output Variable	customerName	John Doe
```

This command sets a variable named `customerName` with the value `John Doe` in the current task [context](/components/concepts/variables.md). This will be available in the process scope after task completion.

## Example usage

The following example demonstrates a script that solves the first challenge at [rpachallenge.com](https://rpachallenge.com/) and returns the result message to Camunda:

> ```powershell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```robot
```
